[Featuring: Jim Jones, Snoop Dogg, Nas, T.I. & many others]

[Jim Jones Intro]
Uh huh... Jones, Dipset... Byrdgang, bitch
You know what it is
When you see me two twelvin you homie
You bitch niggaz keep triple ninin, have some integrity, bitch

[Jim Jones]
BALLLLLIN'
Peace blood, peace almighty
We all thugs and we run the streets nightly
And get my lawyer, why? Cause I ain't coppin' out
And I fuck wit b-boys who bring them choppers out
One shot of that will have the boys bring the coppers out
And we ballin, for all the toys is what we hoppin out
My feary side, where we ride
And we all fly high in the Leer G5's
So, twist ya fingers up and bang, mufucka bang!
Get ya money up, this cane is what we fuckin slang!
And a 9 trey is what I fuckin' claim!
It's Dipset Capo the Don of the Byrdgang!

[Snoop Dogg]
They call the D-O-Dub... wasn't really trippin cause
21, 20 crips and all of us is crippin, cuz
We from a different street, all got that different heat
But when we move the macs for Game, we on the same beat
So if you fuck with blood, then you fuck wit us
And we ain't bustin duds, watch out, cause we bustin slugs
We sure to stay in touch and clean your mess up
And if you from the West Coast, my nigga... w-w-w-w-WESTSIDE!

[Nas]
Game got at me about the remix, its an honor my nigga
I made rap, one blood, that say I'm signin wit Jigga
I got rappers gettin mad at me
I got these new jack rappers tryin to clap at me
I got these corny wannabe, diss-song kings on the radio
Talkin bout how they gon spray, and take me away
But I'm the true living, legend, I'm not to be questioned
Have your whole hood holler shit about my progression

[T.I.]
You knowin my attitude shitty, only a buck fifty
So I keep the smitty's wit me, shit, how many wit me?
What, you scared? I'm prepared, in the MALL AND ALL!
Wit two two's, you can call me QUICK DRAW McGRAW!
Bitch, I'ma cut that fool, better CALL THE LAW!
I start sprayin, make fuck nigga FALL AND CRAWL!
I press play like Puff, no PAUSE AT ALL!
Choppin holes in ALL THE WALLS, that's ALL THEY SAW!

[The Game]
Hip-Hop ain't dead, it just took a couple shots
I bring it back to life, give it a couple shots
The kings comin, no, I'm not Jay-Z
Too many niggaz hate me, but they scared to face me
This ain't a movie dog, no, not Waist Deep
I'm not an actor, but I'll show your bitch Big Meek
She givin one blood, one love, on dubs
140 thousand the first week... UHHH!

[Fat Joe]
All these niggaz wanna front trill with them stiff faces
Till them niggaz lyin still up in stiff cases
Within styrofome... and embalmin fluid
I been gone too long and I'm down to lose it
Somebody go and get this nigga a pine box
And I ain't just talkin about a measly nine shots
Yeah I'm chopper happy and my wrist loose
Call me Goldie, I'll smack your bitch too!

[Lil' Wayne]
504 gangsta, New Orleans soldier
Bangin underwater, fuck around and soak ya
Louisiana gunner, I'm bout my holster
And if you gettin greasy, I'm an ulcer
I'm bickin back, bein bool on the Eastside
Or New Orleans where the bloods at the bee hive
Ain't nothin sweet unless its presidential
Cause that is where I sleep, now give me my key!

[N.O.R.E.]
New York get the blood money, dirty cash - still sweet
We will black wall street by the swapmeet with heat
